Python - The Vacationing Salesman
---------------------------------

The goal of this question is to write a script, in python, which given
a vacation itinerary determines the real-world distance traveled over
the itinerary.

Points on the itinerary will be referenced in form "City, Country".
For example:

    "Paris, France"
    "New York City, USA"
    "Nuuk, Greenland"

are all possible points on the itinerary.

Basic Implementation:

  * a python function that accepts an ordered list of strings,
    each string of the form above designating a "City, Country"

  * that function returns a list with the distance, in either km or miles,
    between each successive pair of cities. So, if the input list is
    like the example list of cites above, the output of the function
    could be: [3631.16, 1852.78], where output has been chosen to be
    in miles.

  * wrap the basic function in a script, so that it accepts cites
    via stdin, one city per line. Output is written to stdout.
    Interaction would go something like this:

    $ python vacationing-salesman.py < cities.txt
    Success! Your vacation itinerary is:

        Paris, France -> New York City, USA: 3,631.16 miles
        New York City, USA -> Nuuk, Greenland: 1,852.78 miles

    Total distance covered in your trip: 5,483.94 miles

Bonus Points:

  * add an option to the script which controls output in miles or kilometers

  * add an option to your script for mode of travel. The default is
    'as a crow files' - that is, the straight-line distance between
    the given cities. Other options could be: 'car', 'transit', 'foot'
    or 'kayak'.  Some options may not be feasible between all pairs
    of cities - handle this as you like.

 * add an option to your script to optimize the itinerary to minimize
   total distance travelled. Interaction could go something like this:

   $ python vacationing-salesman.py --optimize < cities.txt
   Success! An *optimized* version of your vacation itinerary is:

        New York City, USA -> Nuuk, Greenland: 1,852.78 miles
        Nuuk, Greenland -> Paris, France: 2,229.06 miles

    Total distance covered in your trip: 4,081.84 miles

Most important of all, please include a README in your submission that
details:

  * how to run your script or function
  * what the primary design decisions were in implementing your solution
    and why you made the choices you did
  * if you ran out of time, what you were hoping to do next
